Sizzle!
Sigma: How resilient...
May I ask you something, Mage?
Popp: Go ahead.
Sigma: Are you
really a mere human?
If I'm not mistaken,
only a Darkling should be able
to withstand that kind of force.
Well, I'm almost flattered...
but there's nothing
special about me.
I'm just a human. A cowardly,
small, ordinary human.
Sigma: People who
say such things
are often the
most dangerous...
So I'm not going
to hold anything back.
Maam [thought]:
Hang on, Popp...
You know, you don't fool me.
You may not admit it,
but I can sense how much
of a threat you are.
I could feel it from
the moment this fight began.
Besides, it's obvious:
You're up to something.
Why else would you
keep using magic
when you know that I'll
deflect whatever you conjure?
It's clearly some
kind of tactic...
You're hoping I'll let
my guard down... aren't you?
[impressed chuckle]
Popp: All right, you got me.
Y'know, you're
the first enemy
I've ever faced
who's figured it out.
Usually whoever I'm fighting
just assumes that
I'm some scrub-
not someone to take seriously.
And it's given me a chance
to catch them
off-guard, every time.
[chuckling]
Well, not this time.
So that's your plan-
using lesser spells to
find an opening in my defenses?
It won't work.
We both know there's
only one spell you have
that can defeat me...
The Medroa incantation.
Try using that
and see how you fare.
Popp: [scoffing]
I'm not that stupid.
If I cast Medroa and
you bounce it back at me,
then this fight
will really be over.
You don't fool me, either.
And I'm not giving you
what you want so easily!
A Boom spell? Please...
How futile.
This is no match for
the Mirror of Shahal.
Popp [thought]: Now counter
and cancel it out...
Boom!
That's step one. Here we go
- Black Rod... Extend!
[roaring]
Okay, rod. Transform
into bident mode!
Popp [thought]: That did it.
I got the mirror off, and now
he's not going anywhere.
This is it, Sigma.
What are you so smug about?
I said this is it!
You're not even
going to try to move?
You've exceeded my
expectations here, Popp.
I'll give you that.
I knew you had an
ace up your sleeve,
but I never thought
it would be so powerful,
and to gamble
your fate on it...
That was very brave.
And also a waste.
You would have had me if
you'd pinned the other arm...
But I suppose
you're only human.
Sigma: My turn.
Lightning Buster!
Popp: [pained cry]
That's right, you
weren't the only one
who had an ace up their
sleeve, you foolish boy.
The Lightning Buster
in my right arm fires a blast
that's just as powerful
as a Kaboom spell.
Although, like
Hym's Heat Knuckle,
it requires physical
contact to be effective.
You're beyond help now.
This is where we part ways.
I hope you'll forgive me
for carrying on
to the next battle...
without paying
the proper respects...
Worthy adversary.
Impossible. How are
you still alive?
Sigma: Wait,
that's... Fullheal!
Well, now I see how
you've been so resilient-
you must have been
healing yourself
this whole time, but how?
No... Could it really be...
Are you a Sage?
Popp: No, I'm not.
I'm no Sage.
I've got an even better title.
Nah. I ain't no Sage, kid.
Uh, what are you
talking about?
Why not? I mean, you can
use all sorts of spells-
everything from attack-type
to healing-type, right?
Doesn't that by
definition make you a Sage?
I'm well aware of the
definitions, you knucklehead.
I just don't like the title.
It sounds so pompous;
doesn't fit my style at all.
Matoriv: It lacks the pizzaz.
Know what I mean?
[awkward chuckle]
Matoriv: That's
the whole reason
I came up with
the title I've got.
I wanted something
everybody would fear
the moment they heard it...
Something that'd
let them all know...
that I'm the world's
most powerful spell-caster.
Something like...
Popp: The Grand Sorcerer.
W-What?!
Popp: You heard me.
If you call me anything,
then you better call me...
the Grand Sorcerer.
Sigma: Popp,
[chuckling]
Honestly, that doesn't
seem too far off the mark.
Tell me, when did you
learn the Fullheal?
Just about a minute ago.
You lie.
My mentor's thorough.
He already made me bind with
almost every spell there is.
For some reason,
something just clicked and
I was able to use this one.
For what it's worth,
I'm a little surprised myself-
gaining a new power
right after one of my lowest
moments feels pretty ironic.
Popp: It's not
like I earned it.
I've never...
I don't think I've ever
been more ashamed of myself.
Only your soul could
have awakened such an ability.
The spirit is capable of pushing
the body beyond its limits.
That's what
I've always believed.
The soul that Lord Hadlar was
kind enough to grant me...
is my most
cherished possession.
Sigma: However...
In your case,
unfortunately,
you haven't gained
any real advantage.
All healing will do is drag
this fight out longer...
Ironically, that's
all the better for me,
since my goal is to buy time
while Lord Hadlar
has his duel with Dai.
Popp: Well,
I wouldn't... be so sure.
Sigma: Medroa...
You do realize that
I won't just stand here
and get hit by
that, don't you?
[chuckle]
Wouldn't be much
of a fight if you did.
You said it
yourself, tough guy.
There's only
one spell I know
that can defeat you,
and it's this.
Well here we go, Sigma.
All or nothing.
Popp: I respect your
loyalty to Hadlar...
I respect it enough to know
I have to match it
with loyalty of my own.
I need to get back
to Dai as soon as I can.
And to do that... I'll have
to take you out first!
Sigma: I could keep
trying to buy time...
but you've gained my interest,
and I can't turn
down a challenge.
So bring it on...
Grand Sorcerer!
[roaring]
You're sluggish.
If this is the best you can
do, you should just give up.
At this rate,
you'll never even hit me.
Bang!
This game is mine.
It seems the goddess of victory
does not smile upon you today.
Popp: [chuckling]
Of course not. Because
I have a different goddess-
and she never smiles on me.
She slaps me in the face...
Here, let me give
you an example.
Sigma: Too slow!
Actually, you're too slow.
Popp: Now your own weapon
will be your ticket
to the afterlife!
I beg to differ. I won't
be going anywhere.
No, this Medroa will
be taking you instead.
Get out of there!
No, Popp!
It seems you've
arrived too late.
Sigma: He'll be annihilated
any moment now.
Sigma: It can't be...
No one survives
a Medroa spell!
And it looks like I win...
the game of deception.
Medroa!
Well, well. Then that first
spell you cast... wasn't Medroa.
Yeah. I adjusted
my Magic Power
and casted a Sizzle spell
disguised to look like it.
I figured that the only way
I was going to catch
you off guard was if...
I let myself get hit
so you'd think you won.
Nicely played. A satisfying
fight, nonetheless.
I doubt Lord Hadlar would
blame me for losing it.
I shall never
forget your name...
The Grand Sorcerer... Popp.
And same to you,
Sigma the Knight.
If you ever get the chance,
give my regards to
this goddess who slaps you.
She sounds like a...
fearsome being.
See that big flash
that just came off
the top of Vearn Palace?
Crocodine: Indeed.
That's the light from
Popp's Medroa incantation.
The Disciples of Avan
are fighting well!
You don't say. So that's
what Medroa looks like.
We'd better not
let them down now.
My thoughts exactly.
Howling Inferno!
So why'd you
come to help, anyway?
Do you really not
have any faith in me?
That's not it
at all, I- uh...
Popp: Maam, we should talk...
I know there's
a lot going on,
but there's something
I need to tell you.
Popp: I, uh...
I really love you.
Popp: [laughing]
Finally. I finally
say it to your face,
and the right way this time.
When I first said it,
everything was
just such a mess...
It was one of the worst
moments of my life.
It's okay, Popp. I just...
Popp: Either way,
if you're wondering why
I'm choosing to tell
you again, here and now...
I wanted to say it properly,
before we head into
the final battle.
I know I made it...
weird for you, and I'm sorry.
I guess that's all.
Popp: Anyway.
We should get going.
Hold on.
I said hold on, you big idiot!
D-Don't you...
Don't you want to
hear how I feel about you?
You can't say
your piece like that
and run off before
I get to respond.
That's what makes things
weird. It's not fair.
And there you go again,
saying it like it is.
Subtlety isn't exactly
your strongest quality, is it?
Why'd I have to go
and fall in love with you?
Popp: You're right, Maam.
It isn't fair.
But you know me-
I've always been a bit
of a coward, haven't I?
And right now,
I'm completely terrified.
Like, maybe you're
not interested in me,
or maybe you're
really in love with Hyunckel
and I'm making
a fool of myself...
I'm actually shaking.
Maam [thought]: Popp...
Popp: Even back
with the Kaglimmer spell.
It wasn't getting
wounded or even dying
that really frightened me.
But if I failed the party
and got left behind...
I couldn't think
of anything worse.
Popp: The truth is, if I didn't
have you or Dai by my side...
I'd... I'd just be worthless.
When my Insignia wouldn't
glow, I should've told you.
I should have just...
come out and said it and
asked you guys for some help.
But I was too scared.
So I didn't say anything.
What if one of you thought
that I wasn't worthy
to be part of the group?
It was that fear
that kept me silent.
Popp: Now that
I think about it,
I bet it was Master Avan
who kept it from glowing.
He was always saying,
"I won't have any student of
mine chickening out like that."
And I still run away...
Yeah, I'm sorry.
I shouldn't have done that.
I should just accept
whatever's coming my way,
or I'll never be
able to face Merle.
Besides, I'm supposed to be the
Disciple of Courage, aren't I?
Popp: You always
do this to me, y'know?
It's true. Anytime
I end up going astray,
You can always
slap me out of it,
and put me back
on the right path...
Even if I whine about it.
And, that's why...
That's why...
Popp: I dunno.
It's a lot more
than that too, but...
I... I just...
Love you.
I'll shut up now.
But, anyhow.
I was wondering,
how do you feel about me?
How I feel...
How I feel about you?
I love you.
Very much.
Popp: Really? You do?
But, no. Wait a second.
I thought you were
in love with Hyunckel?
Well, yeah. Of course
I love Hyunckel.
He's my friend.
He's strong, but alone.
Sometimes I really
worry about him...
Maam: But the thing is,
I worry about you too, Popp.
You're like my little brother.
I'm always afraid if I
let you out of my sight,
you'll fall
face-first into trouble.
I care about you both, a lot.
Popp [thought]: A little
brother? Please, kill me.
The first time you said that
you were in love with me, I...
I really didn't
know how to feel.
But now, I'm
grateful you said it.
Only, I'm not ready to
give you an answer yet.
I'm sorry.
I just realized something
while fighting Albinass.
I never actually
knew what true love is.
I thought I did, but...
Lady Amy, and Merle,
and even Albinass,
they were all willing
to sacrifice themselves
for the people they loved.
To truly be in
love with someone
is a fierce and
powerful thing...
It's beyond control.
I don't know if
I'm capable of that...
I just don't know.
It never even crossed my mind
that I might be able to feel
that way about someone...
or that someone would feel
that way about me, either...
Maybe you do...
And that means you've been hurt
and suffered so many times...
All just because of me, and
I-I never asked you to do that.
But, Maam...
I am sorry.
I know it's not
what you wanted to hear,
but I can't tell you something
just because you
want to hear it...
Not until I know for sure.
Maam: But listen, Popp...
If you're willing to
wait a little,
would you give me a
chance to figure that out?
A chance?
I don't know if we'll
even survive this fight,
but here's what I do know:
If somehow, we both
make it out of this,
and the future's a thing for
us to have instead of save,
I'd at least be willing
to give it a shot.
The reason I love you is because
of how strong you are inside.
I've seen you grow so much
through every battle
we've won together.
Right now, I need you to lend
me some of that strength.
So we can go save this world.
We'll fight for the future.
Like, our future?
Maam: When this is over,
I can't make any
promises that I'll be able to
love you the same
way that you love me.
I don't even know how I feel
about Hyunckel, really.
But I know I'll be able to
become someone
I wasn't before...
Someone with the answer.
So whatever the future holds,
the only way to find out
is to get through this fight
the same way we always do...
together.
Until we're on
the other side of this,
I think that's the
only answer I can give you.
I hope it's... enough.
Maam [thought]: Oh, Maam...
It's more than enough.
In fact, it's even more
than I deserve. Thank you.
I'm... I'm so glad that...
I fell in love with you.
Popp?
Popp: So, let me
get this straight...
If the Dark King
ends up killing all of us,
then that's that, right?
End of story?
Morbid, but yeah.
I guess so.
Popp: Then...
can I get an advance?
Huh? W-What?!
Relax. Close
your eyes, Maam.
Are... Are you kidding?
Maam: P-Popp...
[playful chuckle]
Of course, I'm kidding.
Fooled you!
Popp: C'mon. Even I'm
not brave enough to do that.
But you actually
closed your eyes.
You know what that means?
Part of you wanted
it to happen!
See? You do have
feelings for me!
[giggling]
W-Why you...
brainless, insensitive,
and totally dead man!
Popp: [pained shrieking]
Hey, Maam...
What now?!
Let's go win this thing.
I want to see that future.
Even if it's the one
where I get shot down.
Maam: You dummy.
Whoa, ouch.
Yeah - it's hot.
Leona: Popp! Maam!
There you guys are.
[happy chirping]
It looks like your fight
with Sigma was a tough one.
Uh... Y-Yeah...
Popp [thought]:
I mean, Maam gave me
most of these
bruises, but...
Why are we all
just standing here?
Where did Dai and Hadlar go?
Take a look.
What am I looking at here?
I can't see anything
through all this...
It's just a huge swirling
ball of sheer heat...
Are you telling me Dai's
somewhere in the middle of that?
Narrator: With the
Royal Guard defeated at last,
the Disciples of Avan move
to help their leader...
But the clash
between Dai and Hadlar
rivals one from
Underworld tales,
and not even the Dark King
himself will intervene.
Soon the duel
approaches its conclusion,
and with Dai's Avan Strash
pitted against Hadlar's
Ultra Combustion Slash,
there's no telling who
will come out on top...
So don't miss
the next episode of
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"Battle of True Dragons".